Meera: Hi Arjun welcome to our onboarding check-in. You signed up about two weeks ago. How has your experience been so far?
Arjun: Honestly a bit rocky. The signup was easy but after that I was dropped into the dashboard with no guidance. There was no tutorial, no walkthrough, nothing. I spent twenty minutes just trying to figure out where to upload my first data file.
Meera: Oh no. Did you find our documentation or help center?
Arjun: I found the docs but they are clearly written for developers. I am a product manager. When I see instructions like run this curl command in your terminal I close the tab. I need a simple drag and drop interface. Just let me upload a CSV and show me results.
Meera: That is really helpful feedback. Were you able to eventually get your data uploaded?
Arjun: Yes but it took me three attempts. The first time the upload failed silently. No error message, no progress bar, nothing. The screen just sat there. I refreshed and tried again. Second time it gave me an error that said invalid schema but did not tell me which column was wrong. I had forty columns. I am not going to check each one manually.
Meera: How did you eventually figure it out?
Arjun: I emailed your support team and Kavita replied within two hours with a screenshot showing exactly which columns needed to be renamed. She was fantastic. Honestly Kavita is the reason I did not cancel that week. But I should not need to email support just to upload a file.
Meera: Absolutely. Now that you have data in the system, what do you think of the analysis features?
Arjun: The trend charts are beautiful. I actually showed them to my CEO and she was impressed. But I cannot export them. I need to put these charts into my monthly board deck and there is no export to PNG or PDF option. So I am taking screenshots like it is 2010. Please add an export button.
Meera: Good point. Anything else that has been confusing?
Arjun: The permissions system makes no sense. I invited my analyst to the workspace but she can see everything including billing information and API keys. There is no role-based access. I need to be able to invite someone as a viewer without exposing sensitive settings. That is basic SaaS hygiene and honestly a security concern for us.